Feat/use fs for data (#389)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-ppk: Changelog.md

> ## 4.0.0-beta7 - UNRELEASED

Reviewer: Worth reviewing wording with @greg-fer and maybe additionally highlighting these changes :)

## Changed

> -   Removed recording duration limitations by using the disk to keep the
>     collected data instead of RAM
> -   Export format is now '.ppk2'
> -   '.ppk' is deprecated and importing this format will auto generate the
>     '.ppk2' next to that same file
> -   Allow exporting of data even when data was loaded from file (hence allowing
>     partial export to .csv)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   Changed export format to `.ppk2`.  `.ppk` has been deprecated and importing this format will autogenerate a
    `.ppk2` file next to the `.ppk` file.
-   Exporting of data now works also when the data was loaded from file. This allows
    partial export to `.csv`.
-   Removed limitations for recording duration by using the disk to store the
    collected data instead of using RAM.
```
Why is it partial export to CSV?

Author: Because you either re export the same file (not much use for that) or a selection and at the moment selection can only export to CSV
